PLEASE READ FIRST BEFORE DOWNLOADING

This is not just a robot, this is your gateway to financial freedom. This was inspired by God, the God of our Lord Jesus Christ the great king who would that all men have access to all their needs and wants satisfaction. God did not create poverty, the human systems created poverty; hence the name 'Divine Intel'. He inspired me and gave the idea to create and distribute this product. This product surely helps you solve financial poverty, but it does not suffice for solving spiritual poverty; but the real poverty is spiritual. Don't wait to have all the money you ever wanted before finding out this simple truth; most times the financial poverty is an overflow of spiritual poverty; just look around you and see the true demographics of endemic poverty in your region. Only faith in Jesus erradicates spiritual and physical poverty, if you don't know Jesus, or received his rich life into your, it doesnt matter how much you have or dont have, you are still poor. As a matter of fact, the bible says you don't yet know the true life. How could you live to help others and the world, if you have not life in yourself? When you accept him into your heart, you will gain his life and the riches of wisdom, and you will make our world a better place, this is God's ultimate plan for all mankind. Please send me (the admin) a message on fxchat if you want to learn more and receive Jesus. 

Now, to the product; there are two variants of the DI_EA Robot in this folder. Please download the one that corresponds to your subscription as selected on the fxchat app.

Divine_Intel_Robot_Basic_Version contains signals from class A to C suitable short-term trading. This means that you will need more screentime in front of your device to scrap pips off your trade. Hence it is excellent for scrappers and those who trades for full time. Commissions are only charged on your profit per use (paid weekly). 

Divine_Intel_Robot_Advance_Version contains higher timeframes signal classes (D and E) in addition to the elements in the basic version for swing trading. This will give you more degree of confidence, liberty and flexibility doing other jobs while making money in trading. It also ensures that you know the correct points to set stop loss and take profits to maximize your trading outcomes. However, users pay a token monthly subscription for the additional database running and maintainance costs. Terms and Conditions apply. 

Please dont forget to receive the free gift of salvation of our Lord Jesus Christ if you are not yet a christian or born again. I would be more than glad to attend personally to your message on fxchat and to inspire your success and your best life. 

Thank you and Happy profiting.
